Added April, renamed release notes for management, redid index and tool to match (#5577)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/release_notes/2024_04_apr_rel_notes.mdx

---
title: BigAnimal April 2024 release notes
navTitle: April 2024
---

> BigAnimal's April 2024 includes the following enhancements and bugfixes:

Author: Only there isn't an actual release, just rolling features being added.

```suggestion
In April 2024 BigAnimal saw the following enhancements and bugfixes:
```
